Stop building AI automations and start
building agentic workflow. Google just
released their vibe coding platform
anti-gravity and is changing how AI
systems are built. I've created hundreds
of automations across multiple different
platforms and systems like this are
already being used within multi-billion
dollar businesses. But Agentic workflows
are changing how businesses are run. No
code like any gives us a visual
interface on how to build these flows.
And now you may not even need that. With
tools like anti-gravity, you just
explain what you want in plain English
and it helps create that for you. And it
can also even create these workflows
inside of any as well. You don't
necessarily have to think in multi-node
logic and you don't have to spend hours
troubleshooting when something breaks.
The system can figure it out and correct
itself as it goes. In this video, I'm
going to show you one of the best ways
to set up anti-gravity with the DOE
framework, which stands for directive
orchestration and execution. Then we'll
build a YouTube RSS like scraper that's
going to grab videos on channels that
you love and save them into sheets in
minutes. And if you want access to the
agent we build today and you want to
learn how to actually make money with AI
and automations, I'll leave a link in
the description below. Let's dive in. So
here I have an automation that takes in
from sheets where I have my channels
that I like. It's going to retrieve
those channels. It's going to get the
actual IDs instead of just give grabbing
the handles. So it'll take care of all
that for us. So here I have three
different channels. It grabs their
information. It gives us different
signals based on some of the best videos
from there. And then we have a digest
that it saves in sheets, which is just
information about whatever we just tried
to summarize. And this is great, but my
goal today is I want to see if I can
build this from scratch with pretending
that I have no knowledge of code. And I
just want to let anti-gravity do all of
this for me. So the question is, could
somebody do this? Well, first we have to
download anti-gravity. So this is
anti-gravity Google. And what you'll do
is just click the download button up
here or in the middle depending on what
machine you have. And then you just
start running it. So now that I have
anti-gravity open, I don't have any
folders or any projects started. So
before we get into this, we need to
create one. So you can go to open folder
here. You can go ahead and create a just
create a folder where a project will be
stored and then go ahead and open that.
Okay. So now what we have on the lefth
hand side, this explorer or the project
pane. This is where we're going to be
storing all of our files and where it's
going to be creating everything for us.
Then here in the center, this is
basically our editor where we won't be
doing any code, but this is where all of
the code within the files will be
displayed. And then on the right hand
side, this is our agent. This is what's
actually going to help us create
everything that we want to build. What
we're going to build here is we're going
to use an agents.mmarkdown file that
we're going to use from this Google doc,
which you will have access to. and we're
going to copy this. Create the markdown
file. And this is going to be similar to
the clawed markdown file that you've
used with claw code. If you haven't,
that's okay. But we'll go ahead and I'm
going to show you how to run this. So,
I'm going to go ahead and just kind of
copy all of this right here. Copy this.
Go back to anti-gravity. And then at the
top left here in the explorer, we're
going to go ahead and create a new file
and just name this agents.md.
I'm going to paste everything here. And
then just make sure you save. You see
the white little circle at the top of
the file there? That means it hasn't
been saved yet, but we have done
something here. Okay, so just really
quick, we mentioned that this is a
threelayer architecture. We have the
directive, orchestration, and execution.
Okay, so basically with the directive,
we're going to use SOPs, standard
operating procedures written in markdown
in a directives folder. This is going to
basically give the goals, inputs, and
any tools or scripts that we may be
using for this project. The
orchestration. Okay, so this is
basically the routing of how we're what
we're actually be doing. So it's going
to read the directives and call
execution tools in the right order,
handle any errors, ask for
clarification, etc. Okay. And then the
execution, right? This is where we're
going to actually have the code that
will be executed. All those files will
be stored here. Something else to think
about is when it says self anneal is
just basically selfcorrecting. So that
means that if it sees that there's
error, it's going to go ahead and figure
out how to self-correct so that we don't
have to keep like messing with it
ourselves. It'll figure out how to do
that by itself. And I got this from
Duncan here if you want to visit his
channel that he has he has some great
information on on this as well. But this
is where I originally got this markdown
file and this execution order from him.
Okay. So now I want anti-gravity to set
up the project so that we can then tell
it exactly what we want to build. Okay.
Okay, so it's going to use this markdown
file to do that. So over on the right
hand side where we have the agent and
the input box, I'm just going to type in
instantiate based on the agents markdown
file. Okay, so instantiate means just
going to uh start executing things based
and getting everything prepared based on
this markdown file that we've created.
So what you can see is it's going ahead
and it's going through the thoughts. I
mean a lot of now a lot of like cursor
does this as well especially when you're
using like planning mode or something
but it's we can see exactly what it's
thinking and what it's doing whenever
it's going through this agent markdown
file to then create all of the other
folders that it needs to once it sees
how we want it to uh we want it to shape
the project. So the first thing is it's
going to create an implementation plane
for us. So here are the basic changes.
Here are the directories it's going to
create. It's going to create a get
ignore based on this information. It's
going to create an environment example
file and then it'll do it'll perform
then we have a verification plan for us.
So we go like this. So I'm going to
click proceed. Click proceed here or we
can go over here and click proceed. So
now now that it has this implementation
plan we could we could you know probably
tell it hey do do some other things but
we're just going to go ahead and go
through this. Now we going to accept
just start accepting things that we want
it to create for us. All right, it
created a walkthrough. The setup for is
just explaining what it did. So okay,
I'd like this. You can see in the
project pane everything that it said it
would create it did. Now let's go ahead
and give it the prompt so that we can
have it begin creating our project. So
you'll have this too, right? This is
also inspired by Duncan as well. It's
just I'm doing something a little bit
different than what he he was doing. And
so basically this is the prompt where
we're going to collect, clean, evaluate,
summarize, and distribute. Okay, so this
is just kind of giving it in it's as
clear instructions as possible on what
we want to do. And you can even give it
more explicit instructions if you knew a
little bit more of what kind of project
you want to write. The better and more
clear you give instructions to the as
the prompt to the LLM, the better output
you're going to get. So we're going to
go ahead and copy this. Come back here.
And now we're just going to paste this
in. This is what we want it to basically
create. So what it's going to do, it's
going to based on all of the information
it has for the architecture setup and
what we want. It's now going to start
creating this workflow for us. And then
we will have to do some things at the
end probably like API keys going to
Google Cloud, but that's okay. We'll get
there. But it's going to create
everything for us and just we can just
watch it and watch it work. And here it
even gave us another implementation plan
about the actual project. So you can see
we're going to need YouTube data API LLM
API key Google Sheets API and then here
you know here the directives of layer 1
execution script. So here's all the
scripts it wants to create the
configuration and verification plan etc.
So I'm just going to we're going to go
ahead and proceed with this. And now it
has a plan and it's going to go ahead
and start create everything based around
that. And it's, you know, just a little
halfway through creating all the
scripts, but you can see on the right
hand side here, it's implementing each
video as it said it would. So, we got
the collect videos, clean videos, the
evaluate videos. It just finished the
summarized videos and it's going and you
can see it's thinking as it goes on what
exactly it wants to do. So, we'll come
back whenever it's done all of the
implementation and then we'll see what
else we need to do so we can get this
working right away. Okay. So, it
finished. It finished. So now what it
is, it gave me another walk through of
things that I need to do such as get my
API keys and everything situated. Okay,
so it created a requirements for
everything that we need. It gave an
example channels text file where we can
just add them here and then here are all
the execution scripts that we will need
to use. So what we need to do though is
we need we need these API keys. Okay, so
first we need a YouTube API key, an open
AI API key and then we need a sheets ID.
So the target Google sheet. Okay, then
we need a credentials.json.
Okay, this is a few things but I I I
kind of considered that whenever you
know I was going to be doing this,
right? There are actually with the
YouTube we could use YouTube download
player which is a very popular Python
library. Okay, and I could ask it to do
that instead of getting the YouTube API
key. But this is going to but this is
fine as well and we'll get some work
with actually get and get that ready as
well. Okay, so if we go to Google Cloud
Console, I basically just created a new
project up here called anti-gravity. And
what we need to do is we need to get
some APIs ready so that we can actually
execute things with sheets and YouTube.
All right. So here at APIs and services,
I'm going to click on this and we need
to enable them. So what we're going to
do at the top here, enable APIs and
services. We can search first search for
YouTube and we want to enable YouTube
data API. going to click enable. This
will take a minute. Then we're going to
go back and and also enable the sheets
API. Okay, so it's done. So we're going
to go ahead and let's see. Let's go
back. Let's enable another API and
service. This will be sheets. Press
enter. Google Sheets API. Let's go and
enable this as well. Okay. Then we can
go to credentials here. There's a few
different things that we need, but we're
going to use create credentials. We're
going I'm going to get an API key. This
isn't exactly something that I would re
this isn't the way that I would exactly
recommend it. But, you know, I don't
know any coding. I don't know anything.
I'm just doing what anti-gravity is
telling me to do. Okay? I don't know
about the YouTube download library,
right? I don't know that that exists.
That would make my life easier. So, this
is what we're going to do. Okay? So, I'm
going to rename this anti-gravity. The
key, uh, I don't think we need any
restrictions just for this example. I'm
going to remove this key after we're
done with this video. Anyways, so we're
going to create this API key. Okay. So,
I'm going to go back. It says I need to
create a YouTube API key in my ENV
example. Okay, so YouTube API key. Okay,
going to paste that there. And then I
also I also need my open API key, but
let's get the credentials.json. Okay, so
I know that I need that, right? So I
guess in some ways I'm kind of cheating
because I know what I need for this, but
we do need to create credentials. And
I'm going to let's do a service account.
Uh anti-gravity.
If I can spell anti-gravity. Uh that's
fine. You know, I'm not really too
worried about a lot of these things. Uh
permissions. Let's just
let's just do editor and continue. I
don't think this Yeah, I don't think we
need these. Right. So, done. Okay. So,
we're good there. That means I know I
can now come to this action and then for
keys going to add a key. So I'm going to
create a new key going to be JSON and
then I am going to put that into my
anti-gravity. It says in the root
directory I need to put the
credentials.json the root directory.
Okay. So this means that I need to open
my downloads. That's okay. And now we
need an open API key. Okay. Now, I went
ahead and added to the environment
variable, my open API key. But now, the
last thing I need is this sheets ID.
Well, let's say that I don't have a
sheets ID, right? I don't I have no
idea. So, what I could do is I could
just go ahead and create a sheets,
right? So, let's go ahead and let's
actually just go ahead and do that. That
may be the simplest thing here. So, I
know I can go to google.com/sheets.
I'm going to just create a sheet. Let's
just call this YouTube anti-gravity
plus. Okay. So, here is a sheets ID. I
know is in the URL, right? So, I'm just
going to copy this. Going to delete this
anyways after. So, it's okay. And then I
need to add the sheets ID in the
environment variable as well. And then
the last thing I need to do is I just
need to rename it. So, just going to
rightclick rename.
env. Oh, there we go. Okay, so now this
is done. Okay, I'm going to Whoops. I
don't need to review changes. I'm going
to say, "Okay,
I finished adding the keys. Can you now
test run for me?" Okay, cuz I don't know
how to run this. It It says It says
right here, but I don't know if that
that might not work. So, I just want to
ask anti-gravity to run everything for
me. Also, I don't know anything about my
I don't know anything about these
requirements. It's doing some things
right here. So, I'm just exit that out
because I don't know I don't know what
that create environment was. I have no
idea. I'm trying to be as
as new to all this as possible. But I
can see that it's doing some things over
here, right? So, it saved 60 it saw it
saved 60 videos to a temporary file.
Okay. So, it it filtered and then
cleaned videos. So I guess the thing is
it was filtering over certain number of
days. Now it's running an evaluation. So
it's taking uh some of the last videos
from some of the like those 15 videos is
doing some evaluation with OpenAI on
that. I'm not sure what model it's
using. I'll probably have something I
have to ask it by default what it's
using, but it's it's working. We can see
that it's going through all of these
videos. Let me maybe make this a little
bit bigger. Actually, you can move this.
I just realiz I can move this to a
terminal over here on anti-gravity. So,
we can see that it's, you know, it's
taking all of these and it's using the
first 15. I don't even know if it's
using any of my videos, but it's saved
the evaluations to a temporary file.
Summarized 11 signals. Okay. So, it's
going it's now using the summarized
video. So, right here, right in the
fourth Python file, we're saving the
summarized videos.
And then we're doing Oh, then it's
finally going to do the distribute to
sheets. He said it could not open.
[clears throat] Why couldn't it open?
Why couldn't you open the sheet? The
sheets, the surface account has not been
shared with the sheet. Please share the
sheet with client email. This sheet with
that. So, I'm going to click share.
Add
add that as a person.
I assume I'm going to say AI as a
person. Okay. Just shared. run that
again for sheets. Okay, so let's see if
that works now. Now that we have been
able to, you know, it was good enough to
tell us what to do. All right, now I
kind of have ran into that plenty of
times before where, you know, it's just
a permission thing, but now but now I
can see that it's updating the
worksheet. So it means it probably
created worksheets also within that
Python file. Okay, so it looks like it
ran everything. Let's go ahead and look
at the temporary files. So, we have
these JSON videos. I'm not really sure
who Lenny's podcast is if I'm being
honest with you. Uh I mean, I know who
Alexi is and uh the Y Combinator. So,
those are the videos. These are them
evaluated. So, it looks like it gave a
hook, a reasoning, a score, key ideas,
and then this is like the raw this is
the raw information from them. But the
important thing is we now save the
sheets. So, let's go ahead and check
that out. So, oh, looks like it. Yeah,
it it moved it created more. So, we
don't need that first one. But here are
all the videos, right? Here are all the
videos from that it from from their
channels. Not all of them actually.
These are the ones that it filtered by.
So, here are the signals. So, here's
like here's the title from them, the
score, the reasoning for each of those.
And then also in the digest here's
basically looks like it's markdown for
what it took and how to evaluate so that
maybe I could create a similar title
related to AI. Great. Now I didn't code
any of this myself, right? It created 1
said it was going to do that. It created
the whole plan. Right? All I have to do
is update this channels.txt
and it's going to go ahead. I could I
could add mine
Tyler Reed AI. I could add mine. I could
add IBM, you know, I could add all kinds
of other channels and it would do the
same exact thing for me. But I think it
has ddup, which means it's not going to
worry about things that are already
existing. It's only going to find new
videos within the last x number of days.
Okay, so this is great. I don't know
like I pretend like I don't know
anything about this. I don't code or
anything. And I was able to get this
working and you know, absolutely
amazing, right? And what I could also
do, what I actually already did that
initial that initial workflow, this
including all the sticky notes and
everything was also done by
anti-gravity. I had it make sure it got
the latest nodes that are possible and
it created this for me. So even this
itself was also created by anti-gravity,
right? I just had to give it I give it a
little bit more instruction because I
wanted to use nen and create the
workflow and all I had to do was add my
credentials and it worked. There was one
thing that didn't work. I asked it said,
"Hey, this isn't working. This is the
error." It fixed it. Told me what to do
and I fixed it and it worked. Right? So,
this is actually also created from
anti-gravity. So, I was a able to create
a no code version. And what we just did
together [snorts] was it created this
code, this workflow using markdown files
that explained how I wanted the struct
the project to be built in a certain way
so that it could be tested, monitored,
and make sure that it works and it be
self-corrected if something didn't work.
Honestly, we live in an amazing time and
we need to take full advantage of all
these AI tools to do everything we want.
And that's the number one thing you need
to realize is all these are tools. It
doesn't mean you need to use everything
because not everything pertains to every
situation, especially when you're
building things for clients. So, if you
want to join my school community, which
I will have a link in the description
below, it's free. I'm going to explain
all of these things to you so that you
can become successful. All right, thank
you for watching.
